\subsection{Overview of the second iTelos phase}
In the second phase of the project, we began by discussing together the data we needed and the resources we could rely on. The decision regarding which datasets to use was not straightforward and required careful reflection on the purpose outlined in the first phase: for instance, we had to determine whether to create two distinct datasets for tourist facilities and tourist attractions or to combine both domains into a single dataset. We later decided to merge them under tourist attraction based on our purpose definition.  Once this decision was made collectively, each of us took responsibility for individual tasks related to data collection and cleaning. Specifically, Amalia worked on the "Municipalities" and "Waste\_Production" datasets, Gaudenzia on the "Waste" and "Waste Basket" datasets, and Yishak on the "Tourist Attraction" and "Location" datasets.\\
This division of labour guided the structure of the report, with each of us writing the sections corresponding to our respective datasets. We focused on detailing the data source, collection methods, and data cleaning process for each dataset.\\
One of the main challenges we faced during this phase was finding data related to waste management in the Province of Trento. Waste management regulations vary across municipalities, although the differences are relatively minor. To address this issue, we decided to refer to the Dolomiti Ambiente website, which provides guidelines for the municipalities of Trento and Rovereto, assuming that other municipalities follow similar regulations to those of the provincial capital.\\
For spatial data, we primarily relied on OpenStreetMap, utilizing Overpass Turbo to execute custom queries. The platform, being voluntary and collaborative, has both advantages and limitations. On the positive side, the available data is extensive, accurate, and reliable, making it a valuable resource for our study. However, due to its collaborative nature, the data is necessarily partial, with potential gaps or inconsistencies in some areas.\\
If, as we continue with the project, we find that additional data is required, we may consider reusing datasets from previous course projects, particularly those related to tourism in the Province of Trento.\\
Finally, this phase required us to revise the ER model, as the initial version needed adjustments. It is possible that further refinements will be necessary as the project progresses.\\
All raw data, pre-processing and querying scripts, and processed datasets are hosted in our \href{https://github.com/pariamelle/KGE-Project-Tourism-Waste-Management-in-Trentino.git}{GitHub repository} and can be found under the 'Phase Two' section.
